demonstrator/README.md, before:

![LAYR Logo](pics/LAYR_Logo.png)

# The LAYR 25/26 demonstrator

![LAYR Demonstrator v1.0](pics/demonstrator_v1.0.jpg)

## Description
The LAYR demonstrator is a hardware device. It brings the microchips to live and shows the functionality of the doorlock. Over the span of the LAYR 25/26 challenge the demonstrator goes through some development stages and various enhancements. 

The components of the LAYR hardware kit are used in the demonstrator to assemble a doorlock.

## Schematic V1.0
![High level schematic](schematic/schematic_symbols_v1.0.png)

## Pictures V1.0

## FPGA prototyping

#### Bitstream for ULX3S

## PCB
![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB editor](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_editor.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB white](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_white.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB green 1](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_green_1.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB green 2](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_green_2.png)

#### Kicad files

[Kicad files v1.0](https://github.com/OCDCpro/LAYR/tree/main/demonstrator/kicad/demostrator_pcb_v1.0)

Commit message:

added links to schamtics and symbols docs

demonstrator/README.md, after:

![LAYR Logo](pics/LAYR_Logo.png)

# The LAYR 25/26 demonstrator

![LAYR Demonstrator v1.0](pics/demonstrator_v1.0.jpg)

## Description
The LAYR demonstrator is a hardware device. It brings the microchips to live and shows the functionality of the doorlock. Over the span of the LAYR 25/26 challenge the demonstrator goes through some development stages and various enhancements. 

The components of the LAYR hardware kit are used in the demonstrator to assemble a doorlock.

## Schematic V1.0
![High level schematic](schematic/schematic_symbols_v1.0.png)

#### The schematics
[Link to Schematics as OpenOffice document](https://github.com/OCDCpro/LAYR/tree/main/demonstrator/schematic)

#### The symbols
[Link to all the single symbols from the hardware kit, as OpenOffice documents](https://github.com/OCDCpro/LAYR/tree/main/hardware_kit/pics/symbols)

## Pictures V1.0

## FPGA prototyping

#### Bitstream for ULX3S

## PCB
![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB editor](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_editor.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB white](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_white.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB green 1](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_green_1.png)

![Demonstrator v1.0 PCB green 2](pics/demonstrator_v1.0_pcb_render_green_2.png)

#### Kicad files

[Kicad files v1.0](https://github.com/OCDCpro/LAYR/tree/main/demonstrator/kicad/demostrator_pcb_v1.0)
